What does it mean that web development can be behavior-driven?
What is represented in a specification?
What is the purpose of refactoring? Why is refactoring ideally completed before moving on to the next specification?
What is a key-value pair? What does a key represent? How about the value?
When might we use a hash? What's the difference between a Hash and an Array?
How does inheritance work in Ruby? How is it useful?
What is the difference between a module and a class?
When should we use a mixin instead of class inheritance
What is an attr method and why are these methods useful?
What is the Enumerable module and what are some of its most useful methods? (Take some time to look over the Enumerable documentation if you haven’t already.)
What is the difference between map() and an each() loop?
What is a GET request?
What is an embedded Ruby tag?
How is the form action in a form important to a Sinatra application?
How does Sinatra know which route to execute?
Describe how app.rb routes are used to manage data between models (classes and methods) and views (.erb files).
What is the difference between GET and POST requests?
What is an integration test?
What is Capybara?
What is the difference between a class variable and an instance variable?
Why would you create a class method instead of an instance method?
Why should you generally avoid class variables?
What is dynamic routing and why is it useful?
In BDD, why is it important to begin by testing the simplest possible behavior?
Discuss the benefits of testing with your partner. Why should we write tests for our code? What can happen if we do not?
What is the initialize() method? What is it responsible for? When does it run?
What is the difference between a local and instance variable? What about an instance variable and a class variable?
What is a class? What benefits do they offer?
What is an object?
What is a module and why should we use them?
What is a class method? When should we define a class method instead of an instance method?
What is the difference between a GET and POST request? Provide an example use case of each.
Consider the following code snippet. Walk your partner through what is occurring here, line-by-line. What can you tell about the application as a whole, based on this limited snippet?
What is namespacing? How can we use modules to namespace classes?
How do we look up constants in Ruby?
What does it mean when there is a colon in a Sinatra app.rb route? (ie: get('/users/:id') do)? What does the :id portion of the route represent?
What is the difference between local, instance, class and global variables? This may be review, but at this point, the differences should be very clear!
